README.markdown, before:

# jQuery Stepy - A Wizard Plugin - http://wbotelhos.com/stepy

jQuery Stepy is a plugin based on FormToWizard that generates a customizable wizard.

## License

The jQuery Stepy is licensed under [The MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

## Version

    @version		 1.0.0
	@since			 2010.07.03
	@author			 Washington Botelho dos Santos
	@documentation	 wbotelhos.com/stepy
	@twitter		 twitter.com/wbotelhos
	@package		 jQuery Plugins

## Required Files

+ jquery.stepy.min.js
+ jquery.stepy.css

## Default values

    back:           undefined          // Callback before the backward action.
    backLabel:      '< Back'           // Change the back button label.
    block:          false              // Block the next step if the current is invalid.
    description:    false              // Choose if the descriptions of the titles will be showed.
    errorImage:     false              // If an error occurs, a image is showed in the title of the corresponding step.
    finish:         undefined          // Callback before the finish action.
    finishButton:   true               // Include the button with class called '.finish' into the last step.
    legend:         false              // Choose if the legends of the steps will be showed.
    nextLabel:      'Next >'           // Change the next button label.
    next:           undefined          // Callback before the forward action.
    titleClick:     true               // Active the back and next action in the titles.
    titleTarget:    undefined          // Choose the place where titles will be placed.
    validate:       false              // Active the jQuery Validation for each step.

## Usage with default values

    $('#stepy').stepy();

	<form id="stepy">
		<fieldset title="Step 1">
			<legend>description one</legend>
			<!-- input fields -->
		</fieldset>

		<fieldset title="Step 2">
			<legend>description two</legend>
			<!-- input fields -->
		</fieldset>

		<input type="submit" class="finish"/>
	</form>

## Public functions

    $('#stepy').stepy('step', 2);
    Change the form to the second step.

## Contributors:

+ Almir Mendes
+ Andrey Fedoseev
+ Igor Tamashchuk
+ Rafael Machado

## Buy me a coffee

You can do it by [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=X8HEP2878NDEG&item_name=jQuery%20Stepy). Thanks! (:

Commit message:

Added select callback to doc.

README.markdown, after:

# jQuery Stepy - A Wizard Plugin - http://wbotelhos.com/stepy

jQuery Stepy is a plugin based on FormToWizard that generates a customizable wizard.

## License

The jQuery Stepy is licensed under [The MIT License](http://www.opensource.org/licenses/mit-license.php)

## Version

    @version		 1.0.0
	@since			 2010.07.03
	@author			 Washington Botelho dos Santos
	@documentation	 wbotelhos.com/stepy
	@twitter		 twitter.com/wbotelhos
	@package		 jQuery Plugins

## Required Files

+ jquery.stepy.min.js
+ jquery.stepy.css

## Default values

    back:           undefined          // Callback before the backward action.
    backLabel:      '< Back'           // Change the back button label.
    block:          false              // Block the next step if the current is invalid.
    description:    false              // Choose if the descriptions of the titles will be showed.
    errorImage:     false              // If an error occurs, a image is showed in the title of the corresponding step.
    finish:         undefined          // Callback before the finish action.
    finishButton:   true               // Include the button with class called '.finish' into the last step.
    legend:         false              // Choose if the legends of the steps will be showed.
    nextLabel:      'Next >'           // Change the next button label.
    next:           undefined          // Callback before the forward action.
    titleClick:     true               // Active the back and next action in the titles.
    titleTarget:    undefined          // Choose the place where titles will be placed.
    select:         undefined          // Callback executed when the step is shown.
    validate:       false              // Active the jQuery Validation for each step.

## Usage with default values

    $('#stepy').stepy();

	<form id="stepy">
		<fieldset title="Step 1">
			<legend>description one</legend>
			<!-- input fields -->
		</fieldset>

		<fieldset title="Step 2">
			<legend>description two</legend>
			<!-- input fields -->
		</fieldset>

		<input type="submit" class="finish"/>
	</form>

## Public functions

    $('#stepy').stepy('step', 2);
    Change the form to the second step.

## Contributors:

+ Almir Mendes
+ Andrey Fedoseev
+ Igor Tamashchuk
+ Rafael Machado

## Buy me a coffee

You can do it by [PayPal](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_donations&business=X8HEP2878NDEG&item_name=jQuery%20Stepy). Thanks! (:
